The eldest lady on the mountain said it was not good
Miss Zhuo can't send a signal
But the whole cloud top
The sky is all banned
We can't get in.
How dare he, Lin Fan?
That's Miss Zhuo
Zhuo Dongsheng's pearl in the palm of his eye
Take a run.
I told you to rush ahead and you told me you couldn't get in
YARU
Yes
Get lost frizzy said no one can enter
Pardon me?
Frizzy old recovery, how dare I disobey you
Can you say that again?
It's edamame.
Stupid
Lin Fan
How dare you defile Miss Zhuo and violate me
I want your life!
Kill me
How dare you hit me?
I hit you
Does a neighbor need to pick a time?
What about the ring?
I am our father's most beloved son
I only ask you once
Who's your father?
demon
You remember it for me.
Even if you dare to be surnamed Lin
It can't change your bones
Yang is shit
I am the only disciple of the Lin family
But it's a wild seed that my mother brought back from outside